can show you out again music in stages
stages in
so what you do is go to street agent com
str eet
mu G en com then after that on the
bottom left hand corner there's going to
be a little site in the hash two flags
and click the English flag
it back what happens then on the right
side is going to be important
that yellow that
databases articles and partners so what
I want you to do is look on the
databases and click stages yeah some
pages you pop up things like i'll click
mangos
part
don't know so deep
down with the speed of their own
wherever
it doesn't matter
listen we did
turn up
extract it winzip or winrar whatever
doesn't matter
still the same that
crap
the hell hit with the song oh wow I want
that dog
copy of good for me
of the file name
go back go to the doctor poder go select
that file then go on with the bottom
versus stages and I am just click stages
stages
stages what
a slash the left the flashing the left
then put the stage pace the stage that
you just copied and put dot d e f
should have
after you do not go back to your stage
click on the dead files of the stages
downloaded
on all the way you get to the EG physics
background whatever
up
check
ok so what you do this
take any song I should want copy paste
cut whatever cut it taste it copy oh
please copy song paste it onto the south
into the south
then copy that song and put it where
some background music
the pattern is the defiled stage
we praise the song yep the first stage
no sound
/ let you
that you just copy the cup song face it
when I feel like a doctor
whatever doesn't matter
check up your fav worse it should work
it doesn't work then this
there we go
oh my god it did not work well
I'll show you it was another one
owners
that file I think art music and song
yes
now check if it works
yeah here's a song is it music
here's the music